after Sheltering from a passing hail
storm dozens of Palestinian protesters
are out on the streets of ramala once
again rallying at the Central Square
here in the city is really illustrative
of the start and stop nature of the
pursuit of Palestinian rights these
protesters are out just a day after the
resignation of the Palestinian Authority
prime minister moham and they are
demanding rights once again nition for
what's happening to Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank the release of
detainees a ceasefire in Gaza it comes
at a time when there seems to be a
paradigm shift happening politically in
the Palestinian landscape we're seeing
uh F A deeply unpopular political party
here in the occupied West Bank making
changes to its leadership Hamas a
political group in Gaza fighting for its
survival with the ongoing Israeli
bombing campaign and war that is
happening there ahead of talks expected
in Moscow this week to decide the fate
of a future Palestinian government to
rehabilitate Gaza once the war is over
if and when that happens is unclear the
United States saying a ceasefire is
perhaps possible ahead of the month of
Ramadan but people here say they don't
have a lot of faith that Israel will
give them any reprieve that any of the
circumstances being faced by
Palestinians in Gaza or in the occupied
West Bank will improve as long as Israel
is able to intimidate and attack
Palestinian communities largely with
impunity protesters that we speak to say
the same thing that this is the least
they can do to come out onto the streets
when they can and rally and protest and
call for a ceasefire in Gaza to happen
immediately the more cynical ones will
say that this is all that they are able
to do as long as their leadership
remains weak and unpopular Zan basravi
Al jazer ramala in occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer